for victory
the German manufacturer as you remember that united states
we all know that behind the Russians came to twenty-six
soda is usually referred to as tilly mobiles that are on team
striped party at wedding party fifteen years birthday blowouts and a
endless events
amat to concentrate on this section what you should do a 100 bill
pesos in some that is playing at weddings fifteen years
etc. 6
the ticket in this sense perez a ticket elections were considered typical
vigor and has something for all sides apart
must direct government become part of who you're going to have to mix in
ville mobile does many things at once is adviser you have to advise clients
on which equipment this package is recommended is advantage items that
close
the window with the next one you have to convince it to be contracted separately
it must be public relations and it means that you're going to have to be
pending has stuck knowing what he wants what he likes is a totem
fiscal
If you have to be in communication with your clients, you will have to
load the install the honking sound equipment so as not to have to effect
It will also continue that way because who was transferred to the place
new contributions to make it from technician installer engineers nevada
like the actress and that's why neither roosevelt accommodate it equalizer so that it
go listen well on the track according to your place of ceremonies
a little bit of a master of ceremonies you have to talk
politely at the moment of presenting the celebrated for example to a taxi
marked commodity also access of esther animated what does it mean with
this is going to make people dance elite sadness applaud principality jealousy
participated in the event as if it were an unforgettable moment not only goes to
claim that you are reprogramming musique mixing music happens to have to have
explained in the I saw doing crazy things the truth so that people have fun the
very cool peace and after all this if you must have a great knowledge of
Music from the most current must stop you musical taste very versatile
cumbia salsa merengue cha cha cha rocanrol was disco music
but what to do when you are nervous about it a safe event
say about 600
I usually tell the truth they are going to serve a lot they are very explicit or very
fools but the truth works for me the truth turns out
the one that establishes your sound equipment is ready to show off the volume
keep it somewhat moderate and I started to go around the place also contributed
other places of the casino for facebook each table imagine the people who are going to
to be sitting there will be watching TV will be enough listening lights will be
commenting touch the chair to touch them
messages
well look at the track of this country that terror that terror the dance floor
I'm afraid not the opposite from the pj like a friend a girlfriend a
wife unam
before a loved one imagine that this party is something like that is nothing
out of the ordinary there is going to concentrate all the energy of the party
in that great moment blessed united vs.
strong gómez neither to fear of the track and to listen clients the vibes and entities
energy because it opens every plague of criticism benasque the nerves are going to
remove so that the media takes off or squats that your body produces adrenaline
noradrenaline makes the man does not disappear stress beware of the
stress to avoid stress I recommend you eat some almonds
we are assigned nuts brutal vegetables feed yourself the other phases avoid
to use drugs the drugs are bad or I recommend it I have never taken
2 neither a pin nor any drug anything like that if possible is not to drink
alcohol better than that personally I do not recommend it to do this in
a party please do not be like others who claim to be
are the clients not
redelf of the good climate that they are a company they are a business but nano business
taking the dra now this is the very important moment
we want and that based on mixing in that event but with a useful system is
information you know that you're going to nobody is sure if we've gotten very
easy and that does not apply its function
go and receive people at the event, welcome 'virtual' days by
the evening-night depends on the event that establish a strong cheerful following
smiling the music you should put at the beginning is moderate quiet things
do not play music do not work and worth anything the first half hour or the mere ape
always time people want and will sit down to talk with friends
relatives say hello do not want to vallarta
Granada is the moment of relaxation of reception as they say the ones of the antrum
you have to put music this reception
let us dance, then all you want is to relax and enjoy
the family a nice moment another part what I can give you is that you see
how are you going to dress people sometimes I get to see people very well dressed
suit
to ten other scruffy sites stereotype people and that's a
serious error when you stretched figures to people sometimes give you very surprises
great I've seen people come out
points out that the truth does not separate to dance or to go to the bathroom and people who
is behind you onslaught are the ones that make the most fuss an element that
they are the ones who have the most fun, I can not explain why that's why it's not good
stereotyped
people because of their clothes and their shoes, many say that because if
have votes are going to be very varied photo by because they have allow or not sometimes
are more shy to direct questions of cabbages and points with a
Temporary horizon suffers mortals
what are your musical tastes
and after this
you already have an idea of ​​what you are going to mix first a piece is improvised
do not carry is mixed do not carry inverters
cerf the party can take a 360 degree turn and it was bring three a great
surprise why he prepares scientifically knows all the rhythms
know the whole area the songs
at the moment the most popular ones when you put a song that is playing
a lot on the radio that was cured all of parana bay very well up here
video I take it and his friends Juan
pelussi tournament super laser I hope these tips are very useful
if you liked the electric carribar
subscribe does not charge anything
If you do not have an account open an account is totally thanks to the spasa
drivers bud spencer cosme the messenger and all those social networks that you
you have pass accounts with me anything we are standing
to serve you, thank you very much everyone for your great support that they give me if
they have internet
there you can also see